DOC Document new session save handlers (#783)
silverstripe/developer-docs: en/08_Changelogs/6.1.0.md

Note that building indexes for large tables may result in a noticable increase in the time it takes to run `sake db:build` the first time after upgrading your project.

### Non-blocking session handlers {#non-blocking-sessions}

The default file-based session handler for PHP holds a lock on the session file while the session is open. This means that multiple concurrent requests from the same user have to wait for one another to finish processing after a session has been started. This includes AJAX requests.

> To resolve this problem, we have provided three new session save handlers. Each of these are *non-blocking* which means that multiple concurrent requests from the same user don't have to wait for one another to finish.

Reviewer: Do we need a link / instructions for how to keep sessions blocking in the changelog in case the non-blocking sessions break something?

Reviewer 2: That's already in the changelog
> If you want to use the default blocking PHP file session handler instead, you can set the `Session.save_handler` configuration to `null`

| Class name | Description |
| --- | --- |
| [`FileSessionHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\SessionHandler\FileSessionHandler) | Stores sessions in files like the default PHP session handler, except it doesn't lock the file. This is the new default. |

> | [`CacheSessionHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\SessionHandler\CacheSessionHandler) | Stores sessions in a cache adapter that implements `Psr\SimpleCache\CacheInterface`. More performance than the file session handler in most scenarios, but requires additional setup. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`CacheSessionHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\SessionHandler\CacheSessionHandler) | Stores sessions in a cache that implements the PSR-16 [`Psr\SimpleCache\CacheInterface`](https://www.php-fig.org/psr/psr-16/#21-cacheinterface). More performant than the `FileSessionsHandler` in most scenarios, though requires additional setup. |
```

Reviewer 2: Done. Keeping "but" as that's my preferred word - it does the same thing as "though" in this sentence.

> | [`DatabaseSessionHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\SessionHandler\DatabaseSessionHandler) | Stores sessions in the database. Provides a low barrier to sharing your sessions across multiple servers, e.g. in a horizontally-scaled hosting scenario |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| [`DatabaseSessionHandler`](api:SilverStripe\Control\SessionHandler\DatabaseSessionHandler) | Stores sessions in the database. Provides a low barrier to sharing sessions across multiple servers, e.g. in a horizontally-scaled hosting scenario |
```

Reviewer 2: Done
